What was easy about this assignment?
The easiest part of the assignment was understanding and working with the initial 
dataset. The data was easy to access and to read. Also, the concatenatinating of the 
imdb_labelled.txt, amazon_cells_labelled.txt, and yelp_labelled.txt into 
a single file as well as text normalization was easy for this assignment since 
we have already learned how to efficicently normalize data in previous projects.

What was challenging about this assignment, or parts that you couldn't
get working correctly?
A challenging piece of the assignment was working on the implementation of 
the f-measure calculation for binary classification. There are a lot of components
that need to be calculated in order to correctly return f-measure. Additionally,
each prior calculation and model needs to be stored which creates nested data structures.
Traversing and accessing the correct value from these structures posed to be a challenge.
We were incorrectly accessing certain values which ended up setting us back since we 
did not realize our mistake at first.

What did you like about this assignment?
We liked being able to calculate the predicted sentiment and compare how the models run.
Performing calculations and working with real life data is more interesting and it is 
fun to see all the calculations that the computer can perform with the given data set.


What did you dislike about this assignment?
We disliked the length of this assignment. It was assigned at a point in the semester where
every computer science class has a final project or assignment due at the same time. This
caused this project to be a big stressor for our group. It became difficult for us to find time
to work on the project together, since we had to meet many times in order to finish all 10 of
the tasks. The content of the assignment was interesting, however, we believe that it would
have been better if we had more time to work on it.

How did your team function? Include details regarding what each team
member contributed, how the team communicated with each other, and
how team software development & design was accomplished.
All of our team contributed to the code at least a litle bit, with Casey and Michael 
contributing the most. Our team communicated through GroupMe to coordinate team meetings to code 
together. Usually we tried to meet in person, but sometimes we had certain members meet over Zoom 
as well. We used VS Code liveshare to work on the same piece of code simultaneously. We also pushed 
the code to a GitHub repository for version control. This also allowed individual members of our team 
to work on the project on their own time if desired. Poean and Rebecca worked on debugging the written 
code, as well as documenting the scripts and keeping the GitHub up to date. 

What did you learn from this assignment?
We attained a clearer understanding of algorithms and processes such as the bootstrap algorithm 
and calculating the f-measure of the dataset. We also saw the importance of choosing meaningful
variable names, since we ended up with a lot of different variables with similar names. This 