I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Very good stuff for the price.	1
very disappointed.	0
What a waste of time!	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
Great price also!	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
Great sound and service.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
Excellent sound quality.	1
Good audio quality.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
Soyo technology sucks.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Price is good too.	1
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Looks great and is strong."	1
The delivery was on time.	1
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
great...no problems at all!.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
very good product, well made.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Great product for the price!.	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
Truly awful.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Works well.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Would not reccommend.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
It was horrible!.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
Great Phone.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
Five star Plus, plus.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery has no life.	0
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
Best headset ever!!!.	1
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
It is a joy to use.	1
Love it.. Great armband.	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
But it's just not funny.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	0
I'll even say it again – this is torture.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
Really bad.  	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
& That movie was bad.  	0
It just blew.  	0
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	0
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	0
It is not good.  	0
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  	1
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
The transfers are very good.  	1
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	1
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	1
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
She carries the movie well.  	1
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
The food, amazing.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Service sucks.	0
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
Check it out.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
Service stinks here!	0
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
Never going back.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
You won't be disappointed.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
This is a disgrace.	0
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
For service, I give them no stars.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
I'd love to go back.	1
Nothing special.	0
Will not be back.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
After two I felt disgusting.	0
Generous portions and great taste.	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
Very bad Experience!	0
Food was average at best.	0
Both great!	1
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
I love their fries and their beans.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
This place lacked style!!	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
