It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
I gave it a 10  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
These are fabulous!	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Interesting decor.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Portable and it works.	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Last time buying from you.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
10/10  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Horrible phone.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
This place is amazing!	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Great product and price.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Magical Help.	1
dont go here.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
It was a great phone.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Not recommended.  	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
I LOVED it!	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
It was way over fried.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Buttons are too small.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Buttons are too small.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
Food was really boring.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Bad Choice.	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
lightweight and works well.	1
Worked great!.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
I love this place.	1
Great brunch spot.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
The service was meh.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
did not like at all.	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
We won't be going back.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Absolutely great.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
It is a true classic.  	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
Works good.	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Service was very prompt.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
" I love it.  	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
The phone loads super!	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Very poor service.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Great movie!  	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Poor quality.	0
Better Than New.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
That company is a joke.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
I would recommend it.	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
We'll never go again.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Great choice!	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Mediocre food.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Its a total package.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
That was nice.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Made very sturdy.	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
They were excellent.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
The food is good.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Bad Choice.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Love this product.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Not my thing.	0
Would not go back.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Works for me.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
It was equally awful.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Bad Reception.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Not enough volume.	0
Lousy product.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
We won't be going back.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Great audio!.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
No complaints!	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Great phone!.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Highly recommended.	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
Sending it back.	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Great Product.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
That was funny.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Made very sturdy.	1
Not my thing.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
worthless product.	0
disappointing.	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
These are fabulous!	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Will be back again!	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Worked great!.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Good Service-check!	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
A pretty good product.	1
I would recommend it.	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
His performance is simply genius.  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Will be back again!	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
Very poor service.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
I'm pleased.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Won't go back.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
You won't regret it!	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
An absolute must visit!	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Great product.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
What a mistake.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
Great Product.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Works great.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Great food.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Works for me.	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
don't waste your money.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
We won't be going back.	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Don't bother coming here.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Awesome service and food.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
I would recommend this.	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
The mic is great.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
awesome device.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Works good.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Piece of Junk.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Very good, though!	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
doesn't last long.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
I am very happy	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Everything was gross.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Works as described.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
cool phone.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Nice ambiance.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Does Not Work.	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
The service was meh.	0
The fries were great too.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Very very fun chef.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I think not again	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
Works great.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
Works good.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Service was fantastic.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
Go rent it.  	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
this place is good.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Interesting decor.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Does not fit.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Better than expected.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
His performance is simply genius.  	1
Great case and price!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Does Not Work.	0
So Far So Good!.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
dont buy it.	0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Horrible phone.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Horrible!  	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Great charger.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
A great touch.	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
These are fabulous!	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Good , works fine.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
We loved the place.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Does Not Work.	0
I love this phone!.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Very friendly staff.	1
Worst ever.	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
It is an insane game.  	1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
A pretty good product.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Eclectic selection.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Food was delicious!	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Dont waste your money...	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I love this device.	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
I want my money back.	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Very Displeased.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
What a mistake.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
10/10  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
This is a good joint.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
Good case!.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The script is…was there a script?  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
It was a great phone.	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
So just beware.	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Gets the job done.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I would recommend it.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
It was equally awful.	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Good case!.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Has been working great.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Not my thing.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Its a total package.	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Great phone.	1
The food is good.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
Really awful.  	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Great phone!.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
It was packed!!	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Disappointing experience.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Works fine.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Will be back again!	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Not worth it.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
Awful service.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
Fantastic food!	1
Omit watching this.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
It's a great item.	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
So they performed.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
How awesome is that.	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
It's a great item.	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Love this headset!	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Great charger.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
It was probably dirt.	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
(It works!)	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Very, very sad.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Great Earpiece.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Her role was played well.  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Left very frustrated.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
The phone loads super!	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It was a great phone.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I would recommend it.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
10/10  	1
Better Than New.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
don't waste your money.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
This is a good joint.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Not worth it.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
I liked it.  	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
disappointed.	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
These are fabulous!	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Her role was played well.  	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
So bad.  	0
Great bluetooth!.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
(It works!)	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Will not be back!	0
Does not fit.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Excellent product.	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Great phone!.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Great phone!.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
VERY funny!  	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
It was not good.	0
Good case!.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
good item, low price.	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Terrible management.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
Totally believable.  	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
I was mortified.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
disappointing.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Over rated.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Last time buying from you.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Bad Quality.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
It was so funny.  	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
See it.  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Great phone!.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
The acting sucked.  	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The fries were great too.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The poor actors.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
Interesting decor.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Awful.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
A great touch.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
doesn't last long.	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The food was terrible.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Not a good bargain.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
Happy so far!.	1
disappointed.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
I love this device.	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Food was below average.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The worst one of the series.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Great phone!.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
The food was terrible.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
Very good, though!	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
It is a true classic.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I love this device.	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This is a good joint.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Portable and it works.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I am very happy	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Awesome selection of beer.	1
I *heart* this place.	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
Great Value.	1
The food is good.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Will order from them again!	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
How awful she is!  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
Battery life is also great!	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worked great!.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
You won't regret it!	1
Great phone!.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Great Product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
this place is good.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Over rated.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
