Everything was gross.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The cast is good.  	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Not good for the money.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Hell no will I go back	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
I will not return.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
nice leather.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Good price.	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
VERY funny!  	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
They have great dinners.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Awful.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Works for me.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Bad Quality.	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
This is a great deal.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Not recommended.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
I will not return.	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Bad Choice.	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
I am very happy	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
VERY funny!  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Absolutel junk.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
there is no real plot.  	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Not worth it.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Everything stinks.  	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Crust is not good.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Will not be back!	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
This is a good joint.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
The problem was the script.  	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
Will order from them again!	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Great phone!.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
Hated it.  	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Gets the job done.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
How awful she is!  	0
These are fabulous!	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
poor quality and service.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Great Product.	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Better Than New.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
The cast is good.  	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
The poor actors.  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
I love this phone!.	1
Hated it.  	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Better than expected.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Poor quality.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The acting was bad.  	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
How awful she is!  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Very easy to use.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
The battery works great!	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
VERY funny!  	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
The problem was the script.  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Very poor service.	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Terrible service!	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
It was probably dirt.	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Lousy product.	0
Awful.  	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
What a mistake.	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
You can't beat that.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
I would recommend it.	1
I would recommend this.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Sending it back.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
I love this place.	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
It looks very nice.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
We are sending it back.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Painful on the ear.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Service is also cute.	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Would not go back.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
You can't beat that.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
I consider this theft.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Mediocre food.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Highly recommended.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I paid too much.  	0
Piece of Junk.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Food was delicious!	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Food quality has been horrible.	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
Not recommended.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
It's just painful!  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Works fine.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
So just beware.	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Not recommended.  	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
Bad Choice.	0
The food was very good.	1
Does not fit.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Nice solid keyboard.	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Does Not Work.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Would not go back.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
is pretty funny.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Its the best headset I have used.	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
No real improvement.	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
The portion was huge!	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
is pretty funny.  	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
I won't be back.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
A great touch.	1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
don't waste your money.	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Go watch it!  	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Disappointed!.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
Works fine.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
I gave it a 10  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
I liked it.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Terrible management.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Very disappointing.	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Not recommended.  	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
This is infuriating.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Great movie!  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Great phone!.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
I won't be back.	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Won't go back.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
I was mortified.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
this place is good.	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
How awesome is that.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
It's just lame.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
fast service.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
Food was really boring.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
The phone loads super!	1
I was not happy with this item.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Great Phone.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
I think not again	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Its a total package.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Good product, good seller.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Terrible management.	0
Very good, though!	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Works as described.	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Bad Purchase.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Love this headset!	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
Great movie!  	1
This PDA rocks.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Everything was gross.	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I love this place.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
This place is amazing!	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Poor Construction.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Great case and price!	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Piece of trash.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
It has all the features I want	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
I'm returning them.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
This PDA rocks.	1
This case seems well made.	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Food was really boring.	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Very disappointing.	0
Everything was gross.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The food is good.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
nice leather.	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
It has all the features I want	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Waitress was good though!	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
The script is…was there a script?  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I was so insulted.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
It's just painful!  	0
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
Works great!.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
A standout scene.  	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
will definitely be back!	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Good Quality.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
Kind of flops around.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Great phone!.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Great case and price!	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Excellent product.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
They know how to make them here.	1
Damn good steak.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Very good, though!	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Very Displeased.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Works for me.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Great Value.	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
This is a great deal.	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Interesting decor.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
awesome device.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Food was below average.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
It has kept up very well.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Buttons are too small.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
I am very happy	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
But I don't like it.	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
We won't be returning.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Awful.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
I LOVED it!	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Really good product.	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Works good.	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
It is worth the drive.	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
Defective crap.	0
I won't be back.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
No complaints!	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Disappointed!.	0
what a disappointment	0
Great phone!.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
Excellent!.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
worthless product.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
It also had a new problem.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
I consider this theft.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
Not my thing.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Good prices.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Great phone.	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
Last time buying from you.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Works great.	1
Food was really boring.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Very prompt service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I gave it a 10  	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
How awesome is that.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
Was not happy.	0
Excellent!.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Was not happy.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Great Phone.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Food was delicious!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
The poor actors.  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
Works as described.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Works good.	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Low Quality.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
It worked very well.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
The block was amazing.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Works as described.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
It was delicious!!!	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Awful service.	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
I am very happy	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Nothing new there.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
Her role was played well.  	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
A pretty good product.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
I was mortified.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I liked it.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
fast service.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Service is also cute.	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
The service was meh.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Won't go back.	0
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Very happy with this product.	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Good Quality.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Very good quality though	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
disappointing.	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
Works great.	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
Very wind-resistant.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Mediocre food.	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
Good Quality.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Bad Choice.	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Great service and food.	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Magical Help.	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It's just painful!  	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Just does not work.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Good Service-check!	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
They know how to make them here.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
How awesome is that.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Better Than New.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
You can't beat that.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
So they performed.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
It was not good.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
No real improvement.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Defective crap.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Works great!.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
Its a total package.	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Crust is not good.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
VERY funny!  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
What a mistake.	0
Poor Construction.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Piece of trash.	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
It looks very nice.	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It is worth the drive.	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
It worked very well.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Very good, though!	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Great price, too!	1
See it.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
I was so insulted.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Just does not work.	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Great charger.	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
10/10  	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
This is a great deal.	1
The cast is good.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
Terrible service!	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
It's pretty easy.	1
I liked it.  	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Its a total package.	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Great bluetooth!.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
The management is rude.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
Better than expected.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Worth every penny.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Incredible!.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
dont go here.	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Magical Help.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Love this headset!	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
No complaints!	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Great food.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
I consider this theft.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
It also had a new problem.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
Don't bother coming here.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Kind of flops around.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
" I love it.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
A pretty good product.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Sending it back.	0
This place has it!	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Great product and price.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
They have great dinners.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
It's just painful!  	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Just does not work.	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Made very sturdy.	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Service is also cute.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Lousy product.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The phone loads super!	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
worthless product.	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Terrible service!	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Great phone.	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Bad Quality.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
Bad Quality.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
A great touch.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
