Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
good item, low price.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Easy to use.	1
Hated it.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
How awful she is!  	0
I'm pleased.	1
Mediocre food.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Portable and it works.	1
He was terrible!	0
The food was terrible.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Great product.	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The battery works great!	1
Won't go back.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
I liked it.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
Will be back again!	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
Great Value.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
That company is a joke.	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Has been working great.	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
what a disappointment	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
Great product.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Piece of trash.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I consider this theft.	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
You can't beat that.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Good case!.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
Not worth it.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
Mediocre food.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Great audio!.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Great product and price.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Worth every penny.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Very good phone.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
This is a good joint.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Bad Choice.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
VERY funny!  	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
But then they came back cold.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Good transmit audio.	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Not my thing.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Great phone.	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
Very prompt service.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Good price.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
dont go here.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
This is a great little item.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
This is a great little item.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
Will order from them again!	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Great price, too!	1
Works great!.	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Works great!.	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
Krussel Always good.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Great phone.	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Great audio!.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
The service was not up to par, either.	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Sooooo good!!	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The mic is great.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Totally believable.  	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not recommended.  	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
That was nice.  	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
I really liked that.  	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Bad Purchase.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
The battery works great!	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
will definitely be back!	1
Bad Quality.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
there is no real plot.  	0
Highly recommended.	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Really good product.	1
Will be back again!	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Good food , good service .	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Good prices.	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Horrible phone.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
Was not happy.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Why was this film made?  	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Damn good steak.	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
It was not good.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
The food was terrible.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
I consider this theft.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Eclectic selection.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
nice leather.	1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
I won't be back.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
It's pretty easy.	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Works good.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The cast is good.  	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Dont waste your money...	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Low Quality.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
I especially love the long battery life.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Magical Help.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
Worked perfectly!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Incredible!.	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Great choice!	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
A great touch.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
I especially love the long battery life.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Nice design and quality.	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
lightweight and works well.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Good transmit audio.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Excellent product.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The mic is great.	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Excellent short film.  	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Not recommended.  	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Poor quality.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
Does not fit.	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Very disappointing.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
Great phone!.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Omit watching this.  	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
An absolute must visit!	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
And it was boring.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Not worth it.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
dont go here.	0
We won't be going back.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Good , works fine.	1
Very happy with this product.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Works as described.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Worth every penny.	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Omit watching this.  	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
Very good phone.	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Great phone!.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
Fantastic food!	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
It was packed!!	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Great audio!.	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
He was terrible!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Not worth it.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
But I don't like it.	0
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Great service and food.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I won't be back.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
It looks very nice.	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
It looks very nice.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
That was nice.  	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Very poor service.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
A Disappointment.	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
A good time!	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Very disappointing.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Great brunch spot.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
Works great.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Again, lame.  	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
The service was meh.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
I won't be back.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
Great Earpiece.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Not a good bargain.	0
I love this thing!	1
Horrible!  	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
This was like the final blow!	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Not enough volume.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Very disappointing.	0
It's very slow.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
This is a great deal.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Great phone!.	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
10/10  	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
Poor quality.	0
dont buy it.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Piece of Junk.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
poor quality and service.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Works good.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great case and price!	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
What a waste.	0
Works great.	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Good Service-check!	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Horrible phone.	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Not good for the money.	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
This is a great phone!.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
A good time!	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
nice leather.	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I think not again	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
A Disappointment.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Horrible phone.	0
what a disappointment	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
I consider this theft.	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Too politically correct.  	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
what a disappointment	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Totally believable.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Not my thing.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
So Far So Good!.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Not my thing.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
We are sending it back.	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
The poor actors.  	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
The fries were great too.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
We loved the place.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
I love this device.	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
I consider this theft.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Last time buying from you.	0
Works good.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
(It works!)	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Service is also cute.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Food was below average.	0
It's just lame.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Crust is not good.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
A Disappointment.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
don't waste your money.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
It's just lame.  	0
Hated it.  	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Very good phone.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
disappointing.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
You can't beat that.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Good transmit audio.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Why was this film made?  	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
nice leather.	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
10/10  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Great product.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
No real improvement.	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
Just does not work.	0
Absolutely great.	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Works great.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Great price, too!	1
The fries were great too.	1
Great audio!.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I was mortified.	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Awesome service and food.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Don't buy it.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
I'm returning them.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I hate movies like that.  	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
Over rated.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Works good.	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
It's just lame.  	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
Works great.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
See it.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Go rent it.  	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
Very Displeased.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
He was terrible!	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Worst customer service.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
Works good.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I was seated immediately.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Total brunch fail.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
A Disappointment.	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Good Service-check!	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Really awful.  	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Sending it back.	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Very, very sad.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Worst ever.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Easy to use.	1
I am very happy	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
That was funny.  	1
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
I would recommend it.	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Does not fit.	0
Awful service.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
I would recommend it.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Its a total package.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
(It works!)	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Happy so far!.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
there is no real plot.  	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
These are fabulous!	1
It has all the features I want	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
Love This Phone.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
Better Than New.	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
Food was delicious!	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
the cast was great.  	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Interesting decor.	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Bad Quality.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Damn good steak.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Works fine.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Cumbersome design.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Will not be back!	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
I love this place.	1
Absolutely great.	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Worst ever.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Great Product.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Great Phone.	1
Very, very sad.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
No real improvement.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Poor Construction.	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
So Far So Good!.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
The management is rude.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I'm not eating here!	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
Better than expected.	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They were excellent.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Again, lame.  	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Portable and it works.	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
The reception is excellent!	1
I gave it a 10  	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Does not fit.	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
I waited and waited.	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
I LOVED it!	1
The food was terrible.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Don't miss it.  	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Great audio!.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Very good, though!	1
Won't go back.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
I love this place.	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Highly recommended.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
Poor product.	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
What a mistake.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
The fries were great too.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Good price.	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Give this one a look.  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Great food.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
Better Than New.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
It was equally awful.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Not recommended.  	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Great price, too!	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The best phone in market :).	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Bad Reception.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
Very friendly staff.	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
The food was terrible.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
what a disappointment	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Good transmit audio.	1
The block was amazing.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Its a total package.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
