Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
These are fabulous!	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
worthless product.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
The mic is great.	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Not my thing.	0
Lousy product.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Fantastic food!	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Over rated.	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Better than expected.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
So just beware.	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
disappointed.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
I love this place.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
Awful.  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
It's just painful!  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
The acting was bad.  	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
The service was not up to par, either.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Not good for the money.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Don't buy this product.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
worthless product.	0
The only downside is the service.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
He was terrible!	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
I consider this theft.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
(It works!)	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Not enough volume.	0
the cast was great.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Food was below average.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
A good time!	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
I won't be back.	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
It was equally awful.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
I really liked that.  	1
It was awesome.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Disappointing experience.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Give this one a look.  	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
The battery works great!	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The food was terrible.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
the cast was great.  	1
disappointed.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Good prices.	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Its a total package.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
It looks very nice.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Worked great!.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I LOVED it!	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Great phone.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Doesn't Work.	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Poor quality.	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
Great price, too!	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
You won't regret it!	1
Works great.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
A great touch.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Magical Help.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Very happy with this product.	1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Totally believable.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Worked great!.	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
dont go here.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Good Quality.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Great phone!.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Happy so far!.	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
Magical Help.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Battery life is real good.	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I am very happy	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Good Quality.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
The portion was huge!	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Design Flaw?.	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
I consider this theft.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Great case and price!	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
It also had a new problem.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I love this place.	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I LOVED it!	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Excellent!.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
Con: spotty service.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
Disappointing experience.	0
Great phone.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
Does Not Work.	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
this place is good.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
Interesting decor.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Easy to use.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
We loved the place.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
Don't bother coming here.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
I love this phone!.	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
Does Not Work.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Has been working great.	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Terrible management.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Very good phone.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Works fine.	1
don't waste your money.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Very prompt service.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Will not be back!	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Was not happy.	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
It's very slow.  	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Good Service-check!	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Very wind-resistant.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Piece of trash.	0
I will not return.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Good , works fine.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Kind of flops around.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Portable and it works.	1
Dont waste your money...	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Not enough volume.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Works for me.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
The block was amazing.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Over rated.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
It was probably dirt.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
Very good quality though	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
It was so funny.  	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
Good case!.	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
disappointed.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
this place is good.	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Awesome selection of beer.	1
So just beware.	0
don't waste your money.	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Poor sound quality.	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
A pretty good product.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
They were excellent.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
don't waste your money.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
How awful she is!  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Really awful.  	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
Love this product.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Fantastic service here.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
Works for me.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
Disappointed!.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
cool phone.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
You wont regret it!  	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
10/10  	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
A Disappointment.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Battery life is real good.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
This was like the final blow!	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
Great audio!.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Poor quality.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Great product.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Omit watching this.  	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Everything was gross.	0
Nice solid keyboard.	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
Great brunch spot.	1
We loved the place.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Great product and price.	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Sending it back.	0
The cast is good.  	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
I was not happy with this item.	0
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
Good case!.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani  particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
Very disappointing.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Great choice!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
Very easy to use.	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Don't buy it.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
I'd like to return it.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
Great case and price!	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Works as described.	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Works good.	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Everything stinks.  	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I paid too much.  	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
It was not good.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
How awesome is that.	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Food was really boring.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
10/10  	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Painful on the ear.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
They have great dinners.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
The portion was huge!	1
Service is also cute.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Mediocre food.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
I want my money back.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Bad Reception.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Nothing new there.  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
The poor actors.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
I waited and waited.	0
Great product.	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
I was mortified.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
A good time!	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
The only downside is the service.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
Design Flaw?.	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Great phone!.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
Excellent performance.  	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
That was funny.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Great price, too!	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Not worth it.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
It was pretty gross!	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
It's pretty easy.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
We loved the place.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Good , works fine.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
VERY funny!  	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Excellent!.	1
Great audio!.	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Over rated.	0
You won't regret it!	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
(It works!)	1
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Bad Reception.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
I love this place.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
We will not be coming back.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
A bit predictable.  	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Service is also cute.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
Easy to use.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
So they performed.	1
I would recommend this.	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The service was terrible though.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Very Displeased.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
disappointed.	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
A great touch.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Works for me.	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The food is good.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
I love this place.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Very prompt service.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
This is a great little item.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Krussel Always good.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Over rated.	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
That company is a joke.	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Better Than New.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
Would recommend this item.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
It's just painful!  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Gets the job done.	1
The only downside is the service.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
I would recommend this.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
How awful she is!  	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Better than expected.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
We won't be going back.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
poor voice clarity.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
worthless product.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
What a mistake that was!	0
How stupid is that?	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Has been working great.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
But I don't like it.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
It's pretty easy.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
Very good, though!	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
(It works!)	1
Will not be back!	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Dont waste your money...	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
The portion was huge!	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
I love this thing!	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
Bad Reception.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Great service and food.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Service was fantastic.	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Go watch it!  	1
Will not be back!	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Defective crap.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
nice leather.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
This phone works great.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
Great phone.	1
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Not my thing.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
No real improvement.	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Low Quality.	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Give this one a look.  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
Food was below average.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Very poor service.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Good Service-check!	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Very easy to use.	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
The block was amazing.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
It worked very well.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
" I love it.  	1
Terrible service!	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Horrible!  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Very, very sad.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Works great!.	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
Good price.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
You won't regret it!	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I love this phone!.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
