Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
We won't be going back.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Great price, too!	1
It was a great phone.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
I want my money back.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
What a waste.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I want my money back.	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Piece of Junk.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The portion was huge!	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
The food was very good.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Highly recommended.	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Good transmit audio.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
We won't be going back.	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Awful service.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Excellent!.	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Very happy with this product.	1
Not good for the money.	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Food was really boring.	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Very happy with this product.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
dont buy it.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
Poor product.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
Great price, too!	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
We'll never go again.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
No complaints!	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Will not be back!	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Great brunch spot.	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
This case seems well made.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Awful service.	0
I would recommend it.	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
What a mistake.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Won't go back.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Disappointing experience.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
You won't regret it!	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
This phone works great.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
How stupid is that?	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
What a big waste of time.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Great Phone.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
I would recommend it.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
don't waste your money.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Will be back again!	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
Its a total package.	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Very good, though!	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
Not worth it.	0
They were excellent.	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
These are fabulous!	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
The service was meh.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Won't go back.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
Not good for the money.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Give this one a look.  	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Very disappointing.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Waitress was good though!	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Terrible management.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Good price.	1
The block was amazing.	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Not worth it.	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
dont buy it.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
this place is good.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
I will not return.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
The food wasn't good.	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
is pretty funny.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
It's pretty easy.	1
Fantastic food!	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Great case and price!	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Great price, too!	1
fast service.	1
Good price.	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Bad Reception.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Great phone!.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Great choice!	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
The poor actors.  	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
It was way over fried.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
We loved the place.	1
Was not happy.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
good item, low price.	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Horrible!  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
This is a great deal.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
We loved the place.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Portable and it works.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Works for me.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Great Value.	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Low Quality.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I hate movies like that.  	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Incredible!.	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Works as described.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Really good product.	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Poor Construction.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
"You'll love it!  	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Give this one a look.  	1
A good time!	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
cool phone.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
This is infuriating.	0
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Was not happy.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Works great!.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
What a mistake that was!	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Great case and price!	1
We'll never go again.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
They were excellent.	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Highly recommended.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Works great!.	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Over rated.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
Very, very sad.	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Great phone.	1
Food was below average.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
What a mistake that was!	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
I won't be back.	0
Awful.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Design Flaw?.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Lousy product.	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
We loved the place.	1
A great touch.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
It was equally awful.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
This place is amazing!	1
nice leather.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
This is a great little item.	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
These are fabulous!	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
Great phone!.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works for me.	1
Worst customer service.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
It was delicious!!!	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
Incredible!.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
I liked it.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Really awful.  	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Would not go back.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
awesome device.	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
Interesting decor.	1
Disappointed!.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Everything was gross.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
Lousy product.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Not recommended.  	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Not recommended.  	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
Really awful.  	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Good Quality.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The management is rude.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
Crust is not good.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Sending it back.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Works for me.	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
is pretty funny.  	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
Horrible!  	0
A pretty good product.	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Has been working great.	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Great food.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Fantastic food!	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Buttons are too small.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
We'll never go again.	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I was mortified.	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Fantastic food!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I never come again.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I love this thing!	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Great product and price.	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Works as described.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
They have great dinners.	1
Very prompt service.	1
It's pretty easy.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Great phone.	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Great movie!  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Has been working great.	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
disappointing.	0
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
I was so insulted.	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Food was delicious!	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
doesn't last long.	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
I love this place.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
I really liked that.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
So just beware.	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Very wind-resistant.	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Great movie!  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
the cast was great.  	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Works for me.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
It's pretty easy.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
How stupid is that?	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
worthless product.	0
What a mistake.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
The problem was the script.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
The only downside is the service.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Fantastic food!	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
This is infuriating.	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Very good, though!	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
You won't regret it!	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Not good for the money.	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
Great Phone.	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Great case and price!	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
Really good product.	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Will be back again!	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
The food was terrible.	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
Good , works fine.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Better Than New.	1
This place has it!	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
It's very slow.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Good Service-check!	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
The portion was huge!	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
A great touch.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Food was delicious!	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
It also had a new problem.	0
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
Better than expected.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
That was funny.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Works great!.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Love This Phone.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
cool phone.	1
Very prompt service.	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
It has all the features I want	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
Great Value.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
The worst one of the series.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Incredible!.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
This place has it!	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The reception is excellent!	1
Not recommended.  	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
what a disappointment	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
Love this product.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Interesting decor.	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Service was fantastic.	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
worthless product.	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Great phone.	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
I am very happy	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
The best phone in market :).	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
So Far So Good!.	1
Poor sound quality.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Great Product.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
It was equally awful.	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
I never come again.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Its a total package.	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Incredible!.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Low Quality.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
The fries were great too.	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
Bad Quality.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
These are fabulous!	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Great choice!	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
It's pretty easy.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Better Than New.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
poor quality and service.	0
We loved the place.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
Great product.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Great phone!.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Its a total package.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
A Disappointment.	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
Worth every penny.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I never come again.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Absolutely great.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Give this one a look.  	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Works fine.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
Not enough volume.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Awful.  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Great price, too!	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
will definitely be back!	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
You can't beat that.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
fast service.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
How awful she is!  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Worth every penny.	1
How stupid is that?	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
The food is good.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
what a disappointment	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Eclectic selection.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Piece of trash.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Better Than New.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Very, very sad.	0
Don't do it!!!!	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I will not return.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Poor product.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Good prices.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
I was mortified.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
the cast was great.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Great case and price!	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
