The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The battery works great!	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Krussel Always good.	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Food was below average.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
They have great dinners.	1
dont go here.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Love This Phone.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Food was below average.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
Excellent product.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
don't waste your money.	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
And it was boring.  	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
I *heart* this place.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Absolutel junk.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
We are sending it back.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Poor product.	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
doesn't last long.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Worth every penny.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Piece of Junk.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
I liked it.  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
what a disappointment	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
Great case and price!	1
Better than expected.	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
The management is rude.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
I love this phone!.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
10/10  	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Awful.  	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Will be back again!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
A good time!	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Easy to use.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Love this product.	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
This is a good joint.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
I'm returning them.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
You can't beat that.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Love This Phone.	1
good item, low price.	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was really boring.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
-My order was not correct.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Last time buying from you.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
That was funny.  	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
cool phone.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
The only downside is the service.	0
Happy so far!.	1
Terrible service!	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Excellent performance.  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
We loved the place.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Good case!.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Worst martini ever!	0
Love this product.	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
I would recommend this.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
But I don't like it.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Great Value.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
VERY funny!  	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Over rated.	0
The food was terrible.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Poor product.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Works great.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
What a waste.	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
I love this thing!	1
Worst customer service.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
Damn good steak.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Horrible phone.	0
You won't regret it!	1
No real improvement.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
The service was terrible though.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
It's a great item.	1
A Disappointment.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Not enough volume.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Love This Phone.	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Awful.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Its a total package.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Poor product.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Her role was played well.  	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
Has been working great.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
This is a great little item.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
So Far So Good!.	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Service was very prompt.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
So they performed.	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Really awful.  	0
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
This is infuriating.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Worth every penny.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
This phone works great.	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Not recommended.  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
Don't buy it.	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The portion was huge!	1
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
We won't be returning.	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
Again, lame.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Would recommend this item.	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Won't go back.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Won't go back.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
He was terrible!	0
Great Phone.	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
The battery works great!	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Does not fit.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
Great case and price!	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
doesn't last long.	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
doesn't last long.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
These are fabulous!	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
It was awesome.	1
It's just lame.  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
How stupid is that?	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
" I love it.  	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Great service and food.	1
Excellent Phone.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
So bad.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
Great Value.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Worked great!.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
Love this headset!	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Would not go back.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I love this device.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Great Earpiece.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Better than expected.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Hated it.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
They were excellent.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Very good, though!	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Piece of trash.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
" I love it.  	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Great Product.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Good prices.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Horrible phone.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Disappointing experience.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Terrible service!	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I was seated immediately.	1
It is an insane game.  	1
Incredible!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Good prices.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Works great.	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
A pretty good product.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
I want my money back.	0
We'll never go again.	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
good item, low price.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Service was very prompt.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Will be back again!	1
I was mortified.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
I *heart* this place.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
I think not again	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Great phone!.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Last time buying from you.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
" I love it.  	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I will not return.	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Absolutely great.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Very good quality though	1
We won't be going back.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Good case!.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
They know how to make them here.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I LOVED it!	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
I love this device.	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Great phone!.	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
It was so funny.  	1
The block was amazing.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Great product and price.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
I *heart* this place.	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Crust is not good.	0
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
The poor actors.  	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
It's very slow.  	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
Great food.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Not my thing.	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Bad Purchase.	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
Not good for the money.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
Horrible!  	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Battery life is also great!	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Good , works fine.	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Very good phone.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Its not user friendly.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Very poor service.	0
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
It was equally awful.	0
Defective crap.	0
Does Not Work.	0
Very good phone.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The food is good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Love this product.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Great charger.	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Great charger.	1
I hate movies like that.  	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
Incredible!.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
It looks very nice.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
We'll never go again.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
A standout scene.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Awesome service and food.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
A great touch.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I liked it.  	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
dont buy it.	0
Awful service.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
That company is a joke.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
It worked very well.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Does Not Work.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Happy so far!.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The food wasn't good.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
Excellent Phone.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
That was nice.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
We loved the place.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Her role was played well.  	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
disappointing.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
worthless product.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
It looks very nice.	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
Terrible management.	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The mic is great.	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Dont waste your money...	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
there is no real plot.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
It was so funny.  	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
good item, low price.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
This case seems well made.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
Design Flaw?.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
I never come again.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Incredible!.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
Mediocre food.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Horrible!  	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Bad Reception.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Damn good steak.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
We won't be going back.	0
Really awful.  	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Love this product.	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Would not go back.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Good , works fine.	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Mediocre food.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I *heart* this place.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
good item, low price.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
I love this phone!.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
nice leather.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
dont buy it.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
What a mistake that was!	0
An absolute must visit!	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Food was really boring.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Totally believable.  	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
dont buy it.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Worth every penny.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Totally believable.  	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Better than expected.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Really good product.	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
No complaints!	1
I am very happy	1
I really liked that.  	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Worked great!.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Great phone!.	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Go rent it.  	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
I liked it.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
This is a great deal.	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Omit watching this.  	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Hell no will I go back	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Service was very prompt.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I really liked that.  	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Crust is not good.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Not worth it.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
I paid too much.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
Great product and price.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
I consider this theft.	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Great audio!.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
And service was super friendly.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Great food.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Don't miss it.  	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
Everything was gross.	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
He was terrible!	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
How stupid is that?	0
They know how to make them here.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
The fries were great too.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Worst customer service.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
Incredible!.	1
Will order from them again!	1
Just does not work.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The phone loads super!	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
No complaints!	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Great audio!.	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
These are fabulous!	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Excellent performance.  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
This phone works great.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Great phone!.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
I will not return.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
Design Flaw?.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Very poor service.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Works great.	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
don't waste your money.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
This place is amazing!	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
So they performed.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
The management is rude.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
The mic is great.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
It was just not a fun experience.	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
