First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
We loved the place.	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I won't be back.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Great choice!	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
This is a great deal.	1
Why was this film made?  	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Over rated.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
This place is amazing!	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Works good.	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Piece of trash.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
This place has it!	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I really liked that.  	1
It was way over fried.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
Good price.	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Gets the job done.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
dont buy it.	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
The service was terrible though.	0
" I love it.  	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
I wouldn't return.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
It was so funny.  	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I think not again	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Good Service-check!	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
It was a great phone.	1
10/10  	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Everything stinks.  	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Piece of Junk.	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
This is a great deal.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
The portion was huge!	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
fast service.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Not worth it.	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
So bad.  	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
dont go here.	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Would not go back.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Painful on the ear.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Excellent product.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Great brunch spot.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Gets the job done.	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Great movie!  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
How awful she is!  	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
It also had a new problem.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Damn good steak.	1
Will not be back!	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I think not again	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Portable and it works.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
It's a great item.	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
It was so funny.  	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
Disappointed!.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
Awful service.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I was mortified.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Good case!.	1
Great product and price.	1
Poor Construction.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
This place is disgusting!	0
Happy so far!.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Don't buy it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
The battery works great!	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
That was nice.  	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
good item, low price.	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Don't buy it.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Works good.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Will not be back!	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Great phone.	1
Piece of trash.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Awful.  	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The food was very good.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
Don't miss it.  	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Very easy to use.	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Great food.	1
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Does Not Work.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
The only downside is the service.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Why was this film made?  	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Great charger.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
Too politically correct.  	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
A Disappointment.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
You wont regret it!  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
The reception is excellent!	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
It's just painful!  	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Mediocre food.	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Worked great!.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
It was not good.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
Just does not work.	0
Not recommended.  	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Total brunch fail.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
Would recommend this item.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Too politically correct.  	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Great service and food.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I liked it.  	1
Good transmit audio.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
A great touch.	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
It was delicious!!!	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Great service and food.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I love this place.	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
You can't beat that.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
It's just painful!  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I won't be back.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
I love this device.	1
This is a good joint.	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Very good phone.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
The poor actors.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
the cast was great.  	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
this place is good.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
lightweight and works well.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
It was awesome.	1
dont buy it.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
This is infuriating.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Great phone!.	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Great bluetooth!.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Love this product.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Good , works fine.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
Don't buy it.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Service is also cute.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Has been working great.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Battery life is real good.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
Just does not work.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Good product, good seller.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Good transmit audio.	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
The fries were great too.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
This case seems well made.	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
Great Value.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
I consider this theft.	0
good item, low price.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Waitress was good though!	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great product and price.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
And it was boring.  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Very poor service.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
cool phone.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I would recommend it.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I waited and waited.	0
They have great dinners.	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
there is no real plot.  	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
A good time!	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
worthless product.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
doesn't last long.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Very good quality though	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
This was like the final blow!	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Excellent!.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Does not fit.	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
The acting sucked.  	0
Great product.	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Great product.	1
Will not be back!	0
Buttons are too small.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
worthless product.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
It was not good.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Over rated.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
Terrible service!	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Very happy with this product.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Food was really boring.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Really good product.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
So just beware.	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
Damn good steak.	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Very easy to use.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
will definitely be back!	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Excellent product.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Was not happy.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I would recommend it.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
It was packed!!	0
You wont regret it!  	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
poor voice clarity.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Works as described.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
It worked very well.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
I am very happy	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Bad Quality.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
is pretty funny.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Not my thing.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Works fine.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Very poor service.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
what a disappointment	0
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Great Value.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Very, very sad.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Good , works fine.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
That was nice.  	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
We'll never go again.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Lousy product.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Battery life is also great!	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
Better than you'd expect.	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Horrible phone.	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
I *heart* this place.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
This was like the final blow!	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Not my thing.	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Great Phone.	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Service is also cute.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Easy to use.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
This case seems well made.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
dont go here.	0
Good food , good service .	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
It was equally awful.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Everything was gross.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
The poor actors.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
They have great dinners.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
A great touch.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Great Phone.	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Terrible service!	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
How awful she is!  	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Very friendly staff.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
Great movie!  	1
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Service is also cute.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
Worked great!.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
I consider this theft.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
Love this product.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
disappointed.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
I love this place.	1
Not good for the money.	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
This place has it!	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
This case seems well made.	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
Was not happy.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
We'll never go again.	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Sooooo good!!	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Disappointed!.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Made very sturdy.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Her role was played well.  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
I would recommend it.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
I want my money back.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
dont go here.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
See it.  	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
fast service.	1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
I never come again.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Easy to use.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
It was so funny.  	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Very disappointing.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Poor Construction.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Great audio!.	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
I would recommend this.	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Awful service.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Omit watching this.  	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
This is infuriating.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
We are sending it back.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
I'm pleased.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Service is also cute.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Her role was played well.  	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
The food was terrible.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
It was so funny.  	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This phone works great.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Nothing new there.  	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
Interesting decor.	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Very good phone.	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Really awful.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Con: spotty service.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Better Than New.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
