The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
The portion was huge!	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
The film is way too long.  	0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
Don't bother coming here.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Worst ever.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Great phone.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
This is a good joint.	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
It was delicious!!!	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Great bluetooth!.	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
They were excellent.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Has been working great.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Good case!.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
What a big waste of time.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Worst customer service.	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Great audio!.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Fantastic food!	1
Great brunch spot.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
I love this place.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
dont buy it.	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Really good product.	1
Very good phone.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Con: spotty service.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Worked great!.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Great product and price.	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
I gave it a 10  	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
The battery works great!	1
Great Product.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Would recommend this item.	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Not recommended.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Hell no will I go back	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Won't go back.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
I gave it a 10  	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Interesting decor.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Awful service.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Good food , good service .	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
Very good quality though	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
awesome device.	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
I consider this theft.	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Excellent performance.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Piece of trash.	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Great product and price.	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
Krussel Always good.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
It also had a new problem.	0
Good case!.	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
I'm returning them.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
This is infuriating.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
So they performed.	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
lightweight and works well.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Defective crap.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
So they performed.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Excellent!.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
The phone loads super!	1
Great phone.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
Great phone!.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Works great!.	1
Does not fit.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
The food is good.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
I'd like to return it.	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
Awful service.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I was mortified.	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
Good food , good service .	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Works great!.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Why was this film made?  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
Just does not work.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
The problem was the script.  	0
Works good.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Very good quality though	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Better than expected.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I paid too much.  	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Made very sturdy.	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
I *heart* this place.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Everything stinks.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
It's just lame.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
So bad.  	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
Great Value.	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Works good.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Great Phone.	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
dont go here.	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Great phone!.	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
It was way over fried.	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Over rated.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Worth every penny.	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
I won't be back.	0
You wont regret it!  	1
He was terrible!	0
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Omit watching this.  	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Good Quality.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It is an insane game.  	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
Works great.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Go rent it.  	1
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Disappointed!.	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Does not fit.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Terrible service!	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Not my thing.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Horrible!  	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Great service and food.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Eclectic selection.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Has been working great.	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Does Not Work.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I'm returning them.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
You wont regret it!  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I love this phone!.	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Its a total package.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
I would recommend this.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
So just beware.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The acting sucked.  	0
But then they came back cold.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Food was below average.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Don't miss it.  	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Very good, though!	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
This place has it!	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
It was way over fried.	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Great phone.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
Will be back again!	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
They know how to make them here.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
It was way over fried.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
It was delicious!!!	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
A pretty good product.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
Terrible service!	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Works great.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
A standout scene.  	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Really awful.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Not my thing.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
It was so funny.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
How awesome is that.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
This PDA rocks.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The battery works great!	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Was not happy.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Very good quality though	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Don't buy it.	0
The block was amazing.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
It was equally awful.	0
Does Not Work.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
It has all the features I want	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
Very Displeased.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
The block was amazing.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Works great!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Totally believable.  	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Works great.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
It was so funny.  	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Good , works fine.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Great phone!.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
Terrible management.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
Awesome service and food.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
We won't be going back.	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Magical Help.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
I love this place.	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
Service is also cute.	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
The portion was huge!	1
Love this headset!	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
what a disappointment	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
The portion was huge!	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Worked great!.	1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Great phone!.	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
It was equally awful.	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Great Value.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
I consider this theft.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Happy so far!.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Great product.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Great choice!	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
It was way over fried.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Works as described.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
You won't regret it!	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Don't miss it.  	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Will be back again!	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
dont go here.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
It was probably dirt.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
How awful she is!  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Very good phone.	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
Does Not Work.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
No real improvement.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
Great product.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Everything stinks.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Easy to use.	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Great charger.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
VERY comfortable.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Worst ever.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
How stupid is that?	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Will be back again!	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Great Phone.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
disappointed.	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Would not go back.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
They were excellent.	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Very friendly staff.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
So they performed.	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
A great touch.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Good , works fine.	1
Great price, too!	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
I wouldn't return.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
Everything was gross.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I love this device.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
Left very frustrated.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
We are sending it back.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
It's a great item.	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
It was a great phone.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
But I don't like it.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Just what I wanted.	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
This is a great little item.	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Poor sound quality.	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
10/10  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
I'm pleased.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
" I love it.  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Again, lame.  	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Excellent Phone.	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Great product and price.	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Good price.	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
I was so insulted.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
So they performed.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
I consider this theft.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
This place has it!	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Bad Purchase.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
The food was terrible.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Poor Construction.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
It has all the features I want	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
This is a great little item.	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
The acting sucked.  	0
No real improvement.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Magical Help.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Totally believable.  	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
Really awful.  	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Everything stinks.  	0
Great choice!	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
The poor actors.  	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
You can't beat that.	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
Disappointed!.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
The management is rude.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Easy to use.	1
Love this headset!	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Great phone.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
fast service.	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Kind of flops around.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Food was delicious!	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
These are fabulous!	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Food was really boring.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Bad Choice.	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
No real improvement.	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
A great touch.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
I want my money back.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Go watch it!  	1
Love This Phone.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Hated it.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Great product.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
Not my thing.	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Works fine.	1
The best phone in market :).	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Great product.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Food was delicious!	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Terrible management.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
It was packed!!	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Great Product.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
what a disappointment	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
We won't be going back.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Love this product.	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
This place is amazing!	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Poor quality.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
The film is way too long.  	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
The service was terrible though.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
It was so funny.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
The management is rude.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
nice leather.	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
It was packed!!	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
This is infuriating.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
