I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Good Service-check!	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Highly recommended.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
It's just painful!  	0
What a mistake that was!	0
Not recommended.  	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
This place is disgusting!	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
Defective crap.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
See it.  	1
I'm not eating here!	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
The only downside is the service.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Hell no will I go back	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
good item, low price.	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I would recommend this.	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
The mic is great.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Lousy product.	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
How stupid is that?	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
A good time!	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
what a disappointment	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
Great Earpiece.	1
disappointing.	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Disappointed!.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
They know how to make them here.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Terrible management.	0
Very poor service.	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
It was delicious!!!	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
I love this thing!	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Really awful.  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Better than expected.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
The service was meh.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Excellent product.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Really good product.	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Really good product.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Very good quality though	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Fantastic food!	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Love This Phone.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Bad Quality.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
We'll never go again.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
The problem was the script.  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Don't miss it.  	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Interesting decor.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Great Earpiece.	1
This is a great little item.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I liked it.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
This is a good joint.	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
We won't be going back.	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
You won't regret it!	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
This is infuriating.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
I would recommend it.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
Poor sound quality.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I am very happy	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
That company is a joke.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
So bad.  	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Great price, too!	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Lousy product.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I especially love the long battery life.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
They were excellent.	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Worst customer service.	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Great brunch spot.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
I'm pleased.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Will not be back!	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
It has kept up very well.	1
It was equally awful.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
Not a good bargain.	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I would recommend this.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
Food was delicious!	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Great product.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
So bad.  	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Disappointing experience.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
It's a great item.	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
No complaints!	1
Buttons are too small.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Excellent product.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
We are sending it back.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
We loved the place.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Omit watching this.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
And service was super friendly.	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
10/10  	1
Great phone!.	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
It was not good.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Very disappointing.	0
VERY funny!  	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
I am very happy	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
The portion was huge!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
I think not again	0
I love this place.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
That company is a joke.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Good price.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Krussel Always good.	1
The problem was the script.  	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I love this thing!	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Excellent product.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
Food was delicious!	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
I won't be back.	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Not enough volume.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
It was just not a fun experience.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Go watch it!  	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
This is a great deal.	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
Will order from them again!	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Good food , good service .	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
This is a great deal.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Works great!.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
I'm pleased.	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Good product, good seller.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Service was very prompt.	1
The mic is great.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
Great Phone.	1
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
"You'll love it!  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Not enough volume.	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
This is a great phone!.	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Made very sturdy.	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
Great case and price!	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
See it.  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Bad Choice.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Terrible management.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
They were excellent.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
That company is a joke.	0
Its the best headset I have used.	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Good food , good service .	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
We loved the place.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Con: spotty service.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Not worth it.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
The food was terrible.	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Works fine.	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Last time buying from you.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Again, lame.  	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Poor Construction.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
They were excellent.	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
dont buy it.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
They know how to make them here.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
I love this place.	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
I love this place.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Bad Quality.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
"You'll love it!  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
I will not return.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
This phone works great.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
It was packed!!	0
This case seems well made.	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Easy to use.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
No real improvement.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Better Than New.	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
I waited and waited.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Great phone.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Very easy to use.	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Everything was gross.	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
will definitely be back!	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Works as described.	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Last time buying from you.	0
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Won't go back.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Very good quality though	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Don't miss it.  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Will not be back!	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
This is a great little item.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
This place is amazing!	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Works good.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
This is a great phone!.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Good Quality.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Go watch it!  	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
I waited and waited.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
worthless product.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
It's just painful!  	0
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I would recommend this.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Just does not work.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
But I don't like it.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
" I love it.  	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
We loved the place.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
Dont waste your money...	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Awful.  	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
The food wasn't good.	0
The acting sucked.  	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
This case seems well made.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
Very happy with this product.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Its not user friendly.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
The poor actors.  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Won't go back.	0
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Won't go back.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
(It works!)	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
this place is good.	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
awesome device.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
What a mistake that was!	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I love this phone!.	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
This case seems well made.	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Great price, too!	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
Really good product.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
A pretty good product.	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Piece of trash.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Great price, too!	1
Kind of flops around.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Does not fit.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
It worked very well.	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Lousy product.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
Bad Choice.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Great Phone.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Not enough volume.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
So just beware.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
How awesome is that.	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Its not user friendly.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Not recommended.  	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Great phone.	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
This place is disgusting!	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
VERY funny!  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Last time buying from you.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
Great movie!  	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Worst customer service.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
So they performed.	1
It was a great phone.	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
What a mistake that was!	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Defective crap.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
what a disappointment	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Better than expected.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
It was not good.	0
Works good.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
Great charger.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Very, very sad.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
A good time!	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
Food was really boring.	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
No complaints!	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
This is a good joint.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It worked very well.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Very poor service.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
So they performed.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
poor quality and service.	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Very good phone.	1
That was nice.  	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Go rent it.  	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Good Quality.	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
You can't beat that.	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
Worth every penny.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The mic is great.	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
You won't regret it!	1
This is a great deal.	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Very poor service.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
Good Quality.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
A good time!	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I waited and waited.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Good Service-check!	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
What a waste.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Again, lame.  	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Good prices.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
You can't beat that.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I'd like to return it.	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Great phone!.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
Good case!.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
Works as described.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Great phone.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
I would recommend this.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Very poor service.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Piece of trash.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
I love this phone!.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
It was a great phone.	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Food was delicious!	1
I consider this theft.	0
