The service was meh.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Does not fit.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
disappointing.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
disappointed.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
So they performed.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Great price, too!	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
I never come again.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
Love this headset!	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Over rated.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
They have great dinners.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Was not happy.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I love this thing!	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Great case and price!	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
10/10  	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The acting was bad.  	0
Great phone!.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Won't go back.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Excellent short film.  	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
It was so funny.  	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
The acting sucked.  	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I won't be back.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
It was pretty gross!	0
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The food was terrible.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Battery life is also great!	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I consider this theft.	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Excellent performance.  	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
Good price.	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
doesn't last long.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Works as described.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Has been working great.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Love This Phone.	1
And it was boring.  	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Will not be back!	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
Great service and food.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
This is a great deal.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
there is no real plot.  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
We will not be coming back.	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Go watch it!  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Not my thing.	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
I'm returning them.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Great product and price.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
The mic is great.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Magical Help.	1
Worth every penny.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
Really good product.	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Was not happy.	0
Does Not Work.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
They were excellent.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Will not be back!	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
will definitely be back!	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Good price.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
So they performed.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Damn good steak.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Happy so far!.	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
did not like at all.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
A great touch.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Last time buying from you.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Worth every penny.	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Waitress was good though!	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
