How awful she is!  	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
fast service.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
So Far So Good!.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
It was packed!!	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Works great.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
This is infuriating.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Left very frustrated.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
Dont waste your money...	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Poor product.	0
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
How stupid is that?	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Very easy to use.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Not recommended.  	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Bad Choice.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Poor product.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Good case!.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
Has been working great.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Good prices.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
It was pretty gross!	0
This is a great phone!.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Worst martini ever!	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
Incredible!.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Its a total package.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Works great.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Bad Quality.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Good , works fine.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Crust is not good.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Nice ambiance.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
is pretty funny.  	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
See it.  	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I love this thing!	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Fantastic food!	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
And it was boring.  	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Its a total package.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
That was nice.  	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Works good.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
this place is good.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Food was delicious!	1
Very poor service.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I'm returning them.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The food is good.	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Over rated.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
They have great dinners.	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
The service was terrible though.	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
That was nice.  	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I was so insulted.	0
Very poor service.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
This case seems well made.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
These are fabulous!	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Absolutely great.	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Over rated.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Go watch it!  	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Would recommend this item.	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
will definitely be back!	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Omit watching this.  	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Bad Reception.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
A bit predictable.  	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
Very easy to use.	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Highly recommended.	1
VERY funny!  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
Either way, it sucks.  	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
