That was funny.  	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
An absolute must visit!	1
This is infuriating.	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm pleased.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Does not fit.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
A pretty good product.	1
Poor quality.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
Damn good steak.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
They were excellent.	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
Won't go back.	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
You won't regret it!	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
What a waste.	0
Great phone.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
This place is disgusting!	0
Happy so far!.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Bad Reception.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
" I love it.  	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
This place has it!	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Works great.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Low Quality.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
The food was terrible.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
A good time!	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
dont buy it.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
This place has it!	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We won't be going back.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Battery life is also great!	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Too politically correct.  	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
The management is rude.	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
Go rent it.  	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Made very sturdy.	1
Would not go back.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Worst customer service.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
lightweight and works well.	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
I think not again	0
I love this thing!	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
Great phone.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Great product and price.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Great Value.	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Painful on the ear.	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
See it.  	1
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Great food.	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
Great brunch spot.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
That was funny.  	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
You can't beat that.	1
They were excellent.	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
It was not good.	0
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
The mic is great.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
See it.  	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Magical Help.	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Poor quality.	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Love this product.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Food was really boring.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Service is also cute.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Food was below average.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
How awful she is!  	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
That was funny.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Fantastic food!	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
Totally believable.  	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
good item, low price.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
You can't beat that.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Low Quality.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Love this product.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
We won't be going back.	0
Good case!.	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Disappointed!.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
poor quality and service.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
Damn good steak.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
The food was very good.	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
