There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
The management is rude.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Great audio!.	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Bad Purchase.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Works great!.	1
We'll never go again.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
disappointed.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It's just lame.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I love this device.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Give this one a look.  	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
No real improvement.	0
Go watch it!  	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
The food was terrible.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Very good, though!	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
Works great!.	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
The service was terrible though.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Very good phone.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Don't buy this product.	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
disappointing.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
You can't beat that.	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
did not like at all.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
the cast was great.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Poor product.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
-My order was not correct.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
It worked very well.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Bad Choice.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Very good, though!	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
The cast is good.  	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
I am very happy	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Low Quality.	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Happy so far!.	1
I love this phone!.	1
Love this headset!	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Great Value.	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Magical Help.	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
doesn't last long.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
What a big waste of time.	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
nice leather.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Bad Purchase.	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Great audio!.	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
This place is amazing!	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
So just beware.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Awful.  	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
I consider this theft.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
Lousy product.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Con: spotty service.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Excellent Phone.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
Really good product.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Everything was gross.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
The mic is great.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
I would recommend it.	1
Not recommended.  	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Everything stinks.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Excellent performance.  	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
That was funny.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
It was a great phone.	1
nice leather.	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
Disappointed!.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
What a mistake.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Painful on the ear.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
This is a good joint.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Great Value.	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
dont buy it.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
Very satisifed with that.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
They were excellent.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
