This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
Not my thing.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
You can't beat that.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
These are fabulous!	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
The service was meh.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Very good phone.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The fries were great too.	1
Awful service.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I love this place.	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
I waited and waited.	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Either way, it sucks.  	0
Works for me.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Easy to use.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Not my thing.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
Awful.  	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Go rent it.  	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
The portion was huge!	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
What a mistake.	0
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
what a disappointment	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Works great!.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Great Product.	1
I love this place.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Excellent Phone.	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
The block was amazing.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Was not happy.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Not worth it.	0
Don't do it!!!!	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Service was fantastic.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
How stupid is that?	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Just what I wanted.	1
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
What a waste.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
This is a great little item.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
Disappointed!.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
I won't be back.	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
Poor sound quality.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Dont waste your money...	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Works great!.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Great Product.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
I was mortified.	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
What a waste.	0
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Horrible phone.	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
I'm pleased.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
don't waste your money.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
I love this place.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Not worth it.	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Magical Help.	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
I waited and waited.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Low Quality.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Food was really boring.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Give this one a look.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Awesome service and food.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Poor product.	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Just does not work.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
A good time!	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
Love this headset!	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
-My order was not correct.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Food was below average.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
That company is a joke.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
Good Service-check!	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Great charger.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Would recommend this item.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
Good transmit audio.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Absolutely great.	1
there is no real plot.  	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I'm returning them.	0
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
Great price, too!	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Great phone!.	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Great price, too!	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
I'm returning them.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Worst customer service.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
dont go here.	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Hated it.  	0
Very, very sad.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
Good case!.	1
It has all the features I want	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
