There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
This place is amazing!	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Easy to use.	1
See it.  	1
Better than expected.	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Everything was gross.	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It was so BORING!  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Great charger.	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
It looks very nice.	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Great brunch spot.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Great bluetooth!.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Good food , good service .	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
This is a great little item.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
A good time!	1
Good prices.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
I LOVED it!	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Sending it back.	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Great movie!  	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
I would recommend this.	1
It has all the features I want	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
Highly recommended.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Better than expected.	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Good Service-check!	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Does not fit.	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Her role was played well.  	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
What a big waste of time.	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Not recommended.  	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
awesome device.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
"You'll love it!  	1
Everything was gross.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Good , works fine.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
It was packed!!	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Works great.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
The block was amazing.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Does not fit.	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
No complaints!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Works for me.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
It is an insane game.  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Buttons are too small.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
Very friendly staff.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
nice leather.	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
I'm returning them.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Bad Reception.	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
The mic is great.	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Again, lame.  	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
Very Displeased.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The food was terrible.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Has been working great.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Battery life is also great!	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
I'd like to return it.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Very disappointing.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Great Value.	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
You won't regret it!	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Fantastic food!	1
Service was very prompt.	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Not recommended.  	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
So they performed.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
We'll never go again.	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
Better than expected.	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
Awesome service and food.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
did not like at all.	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Very easy to use.	1
I will not return.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
And service was super friendly.	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Very good quality though	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Everything was gross.	0
Love this headset!	1
It was awesome.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
disappointed.	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Highly recommended.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
It is a true classic.  	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
