My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Again, lame.  	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
Con: spotty service.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
Good Quality.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Awful.  	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
This place is amazing!	1
Bad Reception.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Buttons are too small.	0
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
He was terrible!	0
The food was terrible.	0
I love this thing!	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
It was a great phone.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Great choice!	1
He was terrible!	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
dont buy it.	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
Won't go back.	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Love This Phone.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
I won't be back.	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Works fine.	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
VERY funny!  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The cast is good.  	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
This phone works great.	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
It was not good.	0
doesn't last long.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
I gave it a 10  	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Worst customer service.	0
will definitely be back!	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Bad Quality.	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
It has kept up very well.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
So bad.  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Great service and food.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
No real improvement.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Would not go back.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
Would recommend this item.	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
Great service and food.	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Better Than New.	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Not enough volume.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
You wont regret it!  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Easy to use.	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
It's just painful!  	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
It's pretty easy.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
The cast is good.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Worst ever.	0
Will not be back!	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
Easy to use.	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
Mediocre food.	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
Not worth it.	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
The reception is excellent!	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
He was terrible!	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Great phone!.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
The food was terrible.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
Her role was played well.  	1
what a disappointment	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Food was below average.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
fast service.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
Her role was played well.  	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Would not go back.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
I love this place.	1
Great phone!.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
(It works!)	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
did not like at all.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Go rent it.  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
cool phone.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
Battery life is also great!	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Works great.	1
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I especially love the long battery life.	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
This is a great deal.	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I will not return.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Does not fit.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Portable and it works.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
It looks very nice.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
They were excellent.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Awesome service and food.	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
Why was this film made?  	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
They were excellent.	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
