It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
You won't regret it!	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Excellent performance.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Great food.	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
Horrible!  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Love This Phone.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
It was awesome.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
don't waste your money.	0
Great audio!.	1
this place is good.	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
worthless product.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
This case seems well made.	1
Will order from them again!	1
This is infuriating.	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
We won't be going back.	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
Works great!.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
I really liked that.  	1
Really good product.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
How awful she is!  	0
Hell no will I go back	0
there is no real plot.  	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
It's very slow.  	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Design Flaw?.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Great food.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
disappointing.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
10/10  	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Great phone!.	1
I won't be back.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
Disappointed!.	0
Incredible!.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Damn good steak.	1
This is a great little item.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Great case and price!	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
Good Service-check!	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
You won't regret it!	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
I was so insulted.	0
Happy so far!.	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
Painful on the ear.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
Great Value.	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Great movie!  	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Disappointed!.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
A standout scene.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
I never come again.	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Not good for the money.	0
The service was meh.	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
It's just painful!  	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
The battery works great!	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
did not like at all.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
doesn't last long.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
fast service.	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Crust is not good.	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
" I love it.  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
That was nice.  	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
worthless product.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
(It works!)	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
So they performed.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
These are fabulous!	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Not recommended.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Awesome selection of beer.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Worst ever.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Good Quality.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
This is a great little item.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Works great.	1
Good food , good service .	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
Incredible!.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Love this product.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
Love this product.	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
nice leather.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Excellent!.	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Last time buying from you.	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
The food is good.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Just does not work.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
10/10  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
This PDA rocks.	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
It was a great phone.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
Works as described.	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Bad Reception.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Does Not Work.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
What a mistake.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Great brunch spot.	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
