The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
the cast was great.  	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Bad Choice.	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
Again, lame.  	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Great charger.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
It was a great phone.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I am very happy	1
Great product and price.	1
This is a great deal.	1
You wont regret it!  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
what a disappointment	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Just does not work.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Awful service.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Awful.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
Great audio!.	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
Good Quality.	1
Totally believable.  	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
This phone works great.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
This is infuriating.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
I will not return.	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
Why was this film made?  	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
The management is rude.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Good product, good seller.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Better Than New.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
I gave it a 10  	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The cast is good.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
They have great dinners.	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
The food wasn't good.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
We loved the place.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
10/10  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Very good quality though	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Disappointing experience.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
We will not be coming back.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
The acting sucked.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Horrible!  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Bad Choice.	0
It's a great item.	1
This place is amazing!	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
This is a good joint.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
A Disappointment.	0
Very poor service.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
So they performed.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
A bit predictable.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I would recommend this.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Love This Phone.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
It was pretty gross!	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Very prompt service.	1
awesome device.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
cool phone.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Great audio!.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
what a disappointment	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
is pretty funny.  	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
It's a great item.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
It was a great phone.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
We loved the place.	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
It's just lame.  	0
No complaints!	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Does Not Work.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
Terrible service!	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
You can't beat that.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Give this one a look.  	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
I think not again	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
It also had a new problem.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Highly recommended.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Food quality has been horrible.	0
dont buy it.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
worthless product.	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Was not happy.	0
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
It was a great phone.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
VERY funny!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
dont go here.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
