Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Highly recommended.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Great Value.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
This place has it!	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Everything stinks.  	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
I will not return.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
VERY funny!  	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
The food is good.	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
The poor actors.  	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
And it was boring.  	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Really awful.  	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Will be back again!	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Mediocre food.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
So they performed.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Service was very prompt.	1
Horrible!  	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Better Than New.	1
It was not good.	0
The food was terrible.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
Very good quality though	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
No real improvement.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
I really liked that.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Works great!.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
The film is way too long.  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Why was this film made?  	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
I was not happy with this item.	0
fast service.	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
poor voice clarity.	0
I paid too much.  	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
It was equally awful.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
A bit predictable.  	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
How awful she is!  	0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Sending it back.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
You wont regret it!  	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Good case!.	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
I think not again	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Awful service.	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
We loved the place.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
disappointed.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
dont go here.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Worked perfectly!	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
awesome device.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
this place is good.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I was so insulted.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
I liked it.  	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Better than you'd expect.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
A good time!	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Great phone!.	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
He was terrible!	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Crust is not good.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Food was really boring.	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
Food was below average.	0
How awesome is that.	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Disappointed!.	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
I LOVED it!	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Worked great!.	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
Terrible management.	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Defective crap.	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Works good.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I really liked that.  	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
We loved the place.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
They were excellent.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
This case seems well made.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
I consider this theft.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Love this headset!	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Service is also cute.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Would not go back.	0
Works great!.	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
Very disappointing.  	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
The cast is good.  	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
Works great.	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Piece of Junk.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Works great!.	1
Works good.	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
