Works great!.	1
I paid too much.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Awful.  	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
the cast was great.  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The portion was huge!	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Works great!.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Just what I wanted.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
lightweight and works well.	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
the cast was great.  	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
The acting sucked.  	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Great product and price.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Great phone!.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Absolutely great.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I won't be back.	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Horrible!  	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
You can't beat that.	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Don't buy this product.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Excellent Phone.	1
We won't be returning.	0
That company is a joke.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
How awesome is that.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
The management is rude.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
This case seems well made.	1
The block was amazing.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Battery life is real good.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Very disappointing.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
Excellent!.	1
We won't be returning.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
It was not good.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
I would highly recommend this.	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
It was a great phone.	1
You can't beat that.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
The fries were great too.	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Kind of flops around.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
We'll never go again.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Very disappointing.  	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Magical Help.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Love this headset!	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
We'll never go again.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
dont buy it.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Great price, too!	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
Great phone.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Works great!.	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Very very fun chef.	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Krussel Always good.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Great product and price.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
The service was meh.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
That company is a joke.	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
He was terrible!	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Excellent!.	1
I won't be back.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Great Product.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
No real improvement.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Great phone!.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Kind of flops around.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
The food was very good.	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
It has kept up very well.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Will order from them again!	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Worst ever.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
Nice ambiance.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
Magical Help.	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
I want my money back.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
No complaints!	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
It was equally awful.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
You can't beat that.	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
It was packed!!	0
Excellent product.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
worthless product.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Eclectic selection.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Battery life is also great!	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Better than expected.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
It was equally awful.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
No real improvement.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Excellent!.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Great audio!.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Again, lame.  	0
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
This is a great phone!.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Disappointing experience.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
A great touch.	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I won't be back.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
lightweight and works well.	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
That company is a joke.	0
I really liked that.  	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Don't buy this product.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Magical Help.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
Great movie!  	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Good Quality.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
See both films if you can.  	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
The food was terrible.	0
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
This was like the final blow!	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
The food is good.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I was mortified.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Better Than New.	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm not eating here!	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
I love this phone!.	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Good Quality.	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Love This Phone.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Its a total package.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
poor voice clarity.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
We'll never go again.	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
We will not be coming back.	0
Bad Reception.	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
I'm returning them.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
It was so funny.  	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
Great Value.	1
Totally believable.  	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
The service was not up to par, either.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
What a big waste of time.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
lightweight and works well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Interesting decor.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Good , works fine.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Great phone!.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
this place is good.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
Really awful.  	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The block was amazing.	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Worst martini ever!	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Easy to use.	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
will definitely be back!	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Not enough volume.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Good case!.	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
Great price, too!	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Terrible service!	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
did not like at all.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Last time buying from you.	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
dont go here.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
Mediocre food.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Will be back again!	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
The management is rude.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Over rated.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
Damn good steak.	1
The block was amazing.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Everything was gross.	0
