It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
This place has it!	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Horrible phone.	0
It's just lame.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
Happy so far!.	1
Low Quality.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
Excellent product.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Does not fit.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Awesome service and food.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Last time buying from you.	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Worked great!.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
This is a good joint.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Very, very sad.	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
Works fine.	1
Totally believable.  	1
I'm pleased.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Not recommended.  	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I love this place.	1
It was not good.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Very good phone.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
Awful.  	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
I wouldn't return.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Will not be back!	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Food was below average.	0
Fantastic food!	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Omit watching this.  	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
The best phone in market :).	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
Very Displeased.	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
Its a total package.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Very happy with this product.	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Very disappointing.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
doesn't last long.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Good food , good service .	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
A good time!	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
It was equally awful.	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Magical Help.	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
The fries were great too.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Terrible service!	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Very, very sad.	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
How awesome is that.	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
I really liked that.  	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Works fine.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
This place is amazing!	1
It was delicious!!!	1
Great Earpiece.	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
I will not return.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Kind of flops around.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
Everything was gross.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The best phone in market :).	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
But then they came back cold.	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I gave it a 10  	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
So just beware.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
That was nice.  	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
I consider this theft.	0
Hated it.  	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
-My order was not correct.	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
Works for me.	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
I *heart* this place.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
It's just lame.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Food was below average.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
A Disappointment.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Really awful.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Fantastic food!	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Great case and price!	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
Poor Construction.	0
I think not again	0
Its not user friendly.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Omit watching this.  	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Mediocre food.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
Great phone!.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I consider this theft.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Good food , good service .	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Eclectic selection.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
Really awful.  	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
They were excellent.	1
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Happy so far!.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Works great!.	1
Service is also cute.	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Very friendly staff.	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
Over rated.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
I really liked that.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Good Service-check!	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
A Disappointment.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Terrible management.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
We are sending it back.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
This is a great little item.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
A great touch.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Poor quality.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The problem was the script.  	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
The block was amazing.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
We are sending it back.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
A Disappointment.	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
A great touch.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
They know how to make them here.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
I won't be back.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
That company is a joke.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
Disappointed!.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Interesting decor.	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
I won't be back.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Gets the job done.	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Great phone!.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
Good product, good seller.	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Nice ambiance.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Bad Quality.	0
poor quality and service.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Great service and food.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Not good for the money.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
See it.  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I love this place.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
disappointing.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
Does not fit.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Absolutely great.	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The service was meh.	0
Worst customer service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
How awful she is!  	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
I waited and waited.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Does not fit.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
What a waste.	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
He was terrible!	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Great movie!  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
We will not be coming back.	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Does Not Work.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
Why was this film made?  	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
It was awesome.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Its not user friendly.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I am very happy	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Poor Construction.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Terrible service!	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
Service was fantastic.	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
fast service.	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
A standout scene.  	1
good item, low price.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
So bad.  	0
Great product and price.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Fantastic food!	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
The best phone in market :).	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
I wouldn't return.	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
I love all the features and form factor.	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
How stupid is that?	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
I love this device.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
This is a great little item.	1
The block was amazing.	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
the cast was great.  	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Great movie!  	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
