Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
What a waste.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Very happy with this product.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
" I love it.  	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
I'm pleased.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
I love this phone!.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
No complaints!	1
Battery life is also great!	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
It's very slow.  	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Great phone!.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Really good product.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Works good.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Absolutely great.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
We'll never go again.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Excellent performance.  	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
dont go here.	0
Great product and price.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
The reception is excellent!	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
How awesome is that.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
The block was amazing.	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Excellent product.	1
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
poor quality and service.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
A great touch.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Not good for the money.	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
The food was terrible.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
Better Than New.	1
They know how to make them here.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Crust is not good.	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Sending it back.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Love This Phone.	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
what a disappointment	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
And service was super friendly.	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
He was terrible!	0
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
No real improvement.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The food was terrible.	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
It worked very well.	1
The best phone in market :).	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
I want my money back.	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I really liked that.  	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Easy to use.	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Won't go back.	0
Food was delicious!	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
How awful she is!  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Piece of trash.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Good transmit audio.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
And service was super friendly.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
And it was boring.  	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
(It works!)	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
Everything was gross.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Very disappointing.  	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Not good for the money.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
Works great.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Awful service.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Left very frustrated.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Won't go back.	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Very very fun chef.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Works fine.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
See it.  	1
Its not user friendly.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
Bad Quality.	0
That company is a joke.	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Works great!.	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worth every penny.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Awful service.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Highly recommended.	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Works fine.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
It's a great item.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
dont go here.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Horrible!  	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
This place has it!	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Great phone.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
did not like at all.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
What a mistake.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
fast service.	1
Works good.	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Worked perfectly!	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
Would recommend this item.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
I love this phone!.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Poor Construction.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
How stupid is that?	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
I was mortified.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Absolutely great.	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Total brunch fail.	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Great product and price.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
It was delicious!!!	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
So they performed.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Food was below average.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
It was way over fried.	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
The food is good.	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
What a big waste of time.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
That company is a joke.	0
Give this one a look.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Nothing new there.  	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
Very good, though!	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Very friendly staff.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Battery life is also great!	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Very good quality though	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
So bad.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
This place has it!	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
An absolute must visit!	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Poor sound quality.	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
It's just lame.  	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
So bad.  	0
Very disappointing.	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Incredible!.	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
We are sending it back.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Last time buying from you.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
A good time!	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
Battery life is also great!	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
Sooooo good!!	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Buttons are too small.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Dont waste your money...	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It was packed!!	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Nice ambiance.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Very disappointing.  	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Better than you'd expect.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Won't go back.	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Its a total package.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Gets the job done.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Works for me.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Not recommended.  	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Good food , good service .	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
I consider this theft.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Very easy to use.	1
Worth every penny.	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
The poor actors.  	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Very good quality though	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
The management is rude.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Portable and it works.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Very easy to use.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
disappointed.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
This phone works great.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
So they performed.	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
I love this thing!	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Won't go back.	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Very, very sad.	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
