Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Magical Help.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Not enough volume.	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Love This Phone.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
VERY comfortable.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
I was not happy with this item.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Total brunch fail.	0
So bad.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Highly recommended.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
See it.  	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
What a mistake.	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Love this product.	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Terrible management.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Will not be back!	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
This is a great little item.	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Was not happy.	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
The acting sucked.  	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
The block was amazing.	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
Terrible service!	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
That company is a joke.	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
Would not go back.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Love This Phone.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
10/10  	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
Excellent product.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
This is a good joint.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
this place is good.	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Piece of Junk.	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Everything stinks.  	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
worthless product.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Just does not work.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
dont buy it.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Awful.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
Great phone.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Not recommended.  	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
doesn't last long.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Very, very sad.	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Would not go back.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Very easy to use.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Food was really boring.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
Battery life is real good.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
The worst one of the series.  	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
How awful she is!  	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
The food was terrible.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
I want my money back.	0
Works fine.	1
What a mistake that was!	0
I'm returning them.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
What a waste.	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
Better than expected.	1
I would recommend this.	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
I love this device.	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Mediocre food.	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Absolutely great.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
Everything was gross.	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Really awful.  	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
The worst one of the series.  	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
A Disappointment.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
The best phone in market :).	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Great food.	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
It's a great item.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Waitress was good though!	1
That company is a joke.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Go watch it!  	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Works good.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Very good, though!	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
Works fine.	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
A pretty good product.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Cumbersome design.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
That company is a joke.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The reception is excellent!	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Buttons are too small.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
Works fine.	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
The management is rude.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Piece of trash.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
I love this thing!	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
Very good, though!	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Food was below average.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Excellent performance.  	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Very disappointing.  	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
I would recommend this.	1
But I don't like it.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
This place is amazing!	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Crust is not good.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Very poor service.	0
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
His performance is simply genius.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Fantastic food!	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Everything was gross.	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Good Service-check!	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
How awful she is!  	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
But I don't like it.	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
Good case!.	1
See it.  	1
Very friendly staff.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Great phone!.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I'm returning them.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
You wont regret it!  	1
You wont regret it!  	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Eclectic selection.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Very Displeased.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Bad Purchase.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
worthless product.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Very easy to use.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Horrible!  	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Poor sound quality.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Not a good bargain.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
what a disappointment	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
What a big waste of time.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Works great!.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
Not recommended.  	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
It was equally awful.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
Go rent it.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I really liked that.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
The portion was huge!	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
disappointed.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
It's just painful!  	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
I *heart* this place.	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
It was way over fried.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
I will not return.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
cool phone.	1
Disappointed!.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
Very easy to use.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
