Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
don't waste your money.	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
And it was boring.  	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Bad Quality.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Great brunch spot.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The food wasn't good.	0
Has been working great.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
No plot whatsoever!  	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
disappointing.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Works great!.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
It was so funny.  	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
It's just painful!  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
I love this bluetooth!	1
Poor Construction.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food is good.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
I'm returning them.	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
No complaints!	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
I gave it a 10  	1
Dont waste your money...	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
See it.  	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
Everything was gross.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
Won't go back.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Worked great!.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
The battery works great!	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Very, very sad.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
the cast was great.  	1
Hell no will I go back	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Very poor service.	0
The poor actors.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
And I really did find them funny.  	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
The kids are annoying.  	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
It's a great item.	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Great product and price.	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Very, very sad.	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Doesn't Work.	0
I am very happy	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
But I don't like it.	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Service was very prompt.	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Just does not work.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Great phone.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Happy so far!.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Will not be back!	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Excellent product.	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Great choice!	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Very good phone.	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Fantastic food!	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
It was a great phone.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Great food.	1
Terrible management.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
doesn't last long.	0
I was mortified.	0
Great phone!.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Not my thing.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Very Displeased.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Its a total package.	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Last time buying from you.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
Excellent performance.  	1
The management is rude.	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
And it was boring.  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
Worst customer service.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
Too politically correct.  	0
Good product, good seller.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
10/10  	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
cool phone.	1
Horrible phone.	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
I was so insulted.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Great for the jawbone.	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
Will be back again!	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Good case!.	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Love this product.	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
This place is amazing!	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
The block was amazing.	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Just does not work.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
It was pretty gross!	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Good case!.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
poor quality and service.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
10/10  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
It is an insane game.  	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
It looks very nice.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Works good.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Doesn't Work.	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Not good for the money.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Don't miss it.  	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
I love this device.	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The problem was the script.  	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Painful on the ear.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Worth every penny.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
It worked very well.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Incredible!.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
They have great dinners.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Great phone!.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
What a mistake that was!	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Everything stinks.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Excellent Phone.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Works great.	1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
dont go here.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
It also had a new problem.	0
lightweight and works well.	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
It has all the features I want	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
The cast is good.  	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
This place is disgusting!	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
lightweight and works well.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
I liked it.  	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
The management is rude.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
10/10  	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
This is a great deal.	1
Will not be back!	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
They have great dinners.	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
Very Displeased.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Happy so far!.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Great Value.	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
It was way over fried.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Buttons are too small.	0
(It works!)	1
Defective crap.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
disappointing.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Great audio!.	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The best phone in market :).	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Fantastic food!	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Good product, good seller.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
I am very happy	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Mediocre food.	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
Just what I wanted.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I paid too much.  	0
Good price.	1
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Poor product.	0
Awful.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Good price.	1
I love this place.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Good case!.	1
Food quality has been horrible.	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
He's a national treasure.  	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Works good.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I consider this theft.	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Just what I wanted.	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
We won't be returning.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
cool phone.	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
Does Not Work.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Awesome service and food.	1
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Works for me.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
They know how to make them here.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
They have great dinners.	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Will not be back!	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
This is infuriating.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
The acting was bad.  	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Very good quality though	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Great phone.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Nothing new there.  	0
Buttons are too small.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Great phone!.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
This PDA rocks.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
I won't be back.	0
Would not recommend to others.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
I especially love the long battery life.	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Works great.	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
I love this thing!	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
How stupid is that?	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
