I am also very happy with the price.	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Made very sturdy.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Love this product.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Battery life is also great!	1
It's a great item.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Works great.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
Low Quality.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
So bad.  	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
VERY comfortable.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
Great case and price!	1
Don't miss it.  	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Buttons are too small.	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Great price, too!	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
They were excellent.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
cool phone.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Good Quality.	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I want my money back.	0
Disappointed!.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Food was below average.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
Would recommend this item.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
They were excellent.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
-My order was not correct.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
I won't be back.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
disappointed.	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
And service was super friendly.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Great movie!  	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
dont go here.	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
disappointed.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
We are sending it back.	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Excellent short film.  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
Excellent performance.  	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
Really good product.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Plug was the wrong size.	0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
I'm not eating here!	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
will definitely be back!	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
But I don't like it.	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
An absolute must visit!	1
Works great!.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
Works fine.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
It was equally awful.	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Highly recommended.	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
What a big waste of time.	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
We are sending it back.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Portable and it works.	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
Awful.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
Fantastic food!	1
But I don't like it.	0
Good show, Samsung.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Works great.	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Bad Reception.	0
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Great Phone.	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Interesting decor.	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
Awesome service and food.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
Was not happy.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
It has all the features I want	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Very good quality though	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
We won't be going back.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Great Phone.	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Portable and it works.	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
A great touch.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
The portion was huge!	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Very good, though!	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Crust is not good.	0
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
Nice design and quality.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
I would recommend it.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I paid too much.  	0
It's pretty easy.	1
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
And it was boring.  	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
This phone works great.	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
Good , works fine.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Great product and price.	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Very good, though!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Good price.	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
This is infuriating.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Really good product.	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
doesn't last long.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
The acting was bad.  	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
They know how to make them here.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
poor quality and service.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
10/10  	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
That was nice.  	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
Great phone!.	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Never got it!!!!!	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
What a waste.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
This is a stunning movie.  	1
I was seated immediately.	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
The food was terrible.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
did not like at all.	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Hell no will I go back	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Hated it.  	0
Works great!.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Great Product.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Mediocre food.	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
nice leather.	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
awesome device.	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
That was nice.  	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
We are sending it back.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
We won't be going back.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Works good.	1
Great Product.	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The food was very good.	1
Great service and food.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
No real improvement.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
The mic is great.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
It was a great phone.	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
nice leather.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Damn good steak.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
They were excellent.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Bad Quality.	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
The management is rude.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Absolutely great.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
A good time!	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
doesn't last long.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Mediocre food.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Not my thing.	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Great product.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Great charger.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
These are fabulous!	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
It was packed!!	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
Give this one a look.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Very prompt service.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Con: spotty service.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
We won't be going back.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
the cast was great.  	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Service was fantastic.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
The service was extremely slow.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Very poor service.	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
It was probably dirt.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Poor sound quality.	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
It's a great item.	1
It worked very well.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
I love this phone!.	1
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Excellent Phone.	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Very satisifed with that.	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
did not like at all.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great product.	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Very, very sad.	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
It was awesome.	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Don't buy it.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
It's just painful!  	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Poor Construction.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
disappointing.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
VERY comfortable.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Sooooo good!!	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Works great!.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Great Product.	1
We are sending it back.	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
(It works!)	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Magical Help.	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
