This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Won't go back.	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Very, very sad.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
Great movie!  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
You wont regret it!  	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The food was terrible.	0
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Great case and price!	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Absolutely great.	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
How awful she is!  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
Incredible!.	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Good prices.	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Great charger.	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Left very frustrated.	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
Will be back again!	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
Worth every penny.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
worthless product.	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
I think not again	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
I love this device.	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Poor Construction.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
VERY funny!  	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
A Disappointment.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Happy so far!.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
Great case and price!	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Very, very sad.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
Not recommended.  	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
Great audio!.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
Absolutely great.	1
So just beware.	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Battery life is real good.	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Great product.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
Great audio!.	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
Service was very prompt.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
It has all the features I want	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I love this place.	1
(It works!)	1
Lousy product.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
The best phone in market :).	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Good case!.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
We will not be coming back.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I'm returning them.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
nice leather.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Does not fit.	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
Don't do it!!!!	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Doesn't Work.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
What a mistake that was!	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
This is a great deal.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Very disappointing.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
It was equally awful.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
!I definitly recommend!!	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
Absolutely great.	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Excellent product.	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
I was so insulted.	0
You won't regret it!	1
I am very happy	1
The service was terrible though.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I'd like to return it.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
It is an insane game.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
I want my money back.	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Love this product.	1
It was a great phone.	1
It's just lame.  	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
Damn good steak.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Not enough volume.	0
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Good , works fine.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Really good product.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
The management is rude.	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
I want my money back.	0
It was equally awful.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
It is a true classic.  	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
Really awful.  	0
The fries were great too.	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
The cast is good.  	1
Portable and it works.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
Great phone!.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
The fries were great too.	1
The management is rude.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Bad Quality.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
The poor actors.  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I was mortified.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Highly recommended.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
The only downside is the service.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Food was delicious!	1
) Don't waste your time.  	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
You wont regret it!  	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
It has kept up very well.	1
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
disappointed.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
It was pretty gross!	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
Excellent product.	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Good transmit audio.	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Very, very sad.	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
A standout scene.  	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
The food was terrible.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Good price.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
It's just painful!  	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Again, lame.  	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Crust is not good.	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
So they performed.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
Eclectic selection.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Battery is holding up well.	1
He was terrible!	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
dont buy it.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Really awful.  	0
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Good Service-check!	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Don't buy it.	0
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Not worth it.	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
The dialogue sucked.  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
I waited and waited.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Very Displeased.	0
Piece of trash.	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
These are fabulous!	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Not worth it.	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Will not be back!	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
The food was terrible.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
Very good phone.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
Great Phone.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
I love this place.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
Worst martini ever!	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Love This Phone.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Bad Quality.	0
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Just what I wanted.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
And I just love the colors!	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
The food wasn't good.	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Very easy to use.	1
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Not enough volume.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
Go rent it.  	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Over rated.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Very good phone.	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Horrible phone.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
The management is rude.	0
Really awful.  	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
Good case!.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
We'll never go again.	0
See both films if you can.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Will order from them again!	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
10/10  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
I wouldn't return.	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
It was packed!!	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Very poor service.	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
I LOVED it!	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Very good, though!	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
Dont waste your money...	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
That was funny.  	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
Totally believable.  	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Not my thing.	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
It has kept up very well.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
How stupid is that?	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Great Value.	1
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
It also had a new problem.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
I am very happy	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Great Phone.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Design Flaw?.	0
I am also very happy with the price.	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
Not my thing.	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
