The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
I love this device.	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
This phone works great.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
You won't regret it!	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
nice leather.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Worst ever.	0
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
Food was delicious!	1
Great Product.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
fast service.	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
Terrible service!	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
disappointed.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
Interesting decor.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Love this headset!	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Very good, though!	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
The battery works great!	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Food was below average.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
Great phone.	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Not my thing.	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
Good prices.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
And it was boring.  	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Good Quality.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Works as described.	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Not recommended.  	0
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
I paid too much.  	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Service is also cute.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
No complaints!	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Piece of Junk.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
It's just painful!  	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
This place has it!	1
Painful on the ear.	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Just does not work.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Buttons are too small.	0
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
It is worth the drive.	1
Crust is not good.	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
Poor Construction.	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
Worst ever.	0
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The food is good.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
It was packed!!	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
It was probably dirt.	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Good prices.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
We won't be going back.	0
Low Quality.	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
Don't buy this product.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Will not be back!	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Great choice!	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Better Than New.	1
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
Very easy to use.	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Incredible!.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
No complaints!	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Very easy to use.	1
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
awesome device.	1
Worth every penny.	1
Very good quality though	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
A great touch.	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Great product.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
cool phone.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
Was not happy.	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
The poor actors.  	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Great audio!.	1
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
It was way over fried.	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
What a mistake.	0
Not recommended.  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
This place is amazing!	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
That company is a joke.	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Excellent product.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Better than expected.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I paid too much.  	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Excellent short film.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Cumbersome design.	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
That was done in the second movie.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
Great Phone.	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
This movie is terrible.  	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
We are sending it back.	0
Very good lunch spot.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
It was so funny.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Love This Phone.	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
How awful she is!  	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Does not fit.	0
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Bad Choice.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
I would recommend it.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
The reception is excellent!	1
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Good price.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
The service was meh.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
Totally believable.  	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
They know how to make them here.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
I liked it.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
No complaints!	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
this place is good.	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
this place is good.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
good item, low price.	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
This place is amazing!	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
See both films if you can.  	1
Incredible!.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
And it was boring.  	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
And it was boring.  	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Magical Help.	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Absolutely great.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Sooooo good!!	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
I paid too much.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
I won't be back.	0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
It's a great item.	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
I won't be back.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
is pretty funny.  	1
I'm returning them.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
It was delicious!!!	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Gets the job done.	1
We won't be going back.	0
It was so BORING!  	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
It's just painful!  	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
It's not what it says it is.	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
Works fine.	1
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
Not worth it.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Bad Reception.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
Food was really boring.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
So they performed.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
It is worth the drive.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
The script is bad, very bad  it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
The management is rude.	0
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
How awesome is that.	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
awesome device.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Very, very sad.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
This is a great deal.	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Again, lame.  	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Great phone.	1
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
Portable and it works.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Very very fun chef.	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
10/10  	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
This place is amazing!	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
fast service.	1
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Also great directing and photography.  	1
I would recommend this.	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
Great phone!.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Better Than New.	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Worst customer service.	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Great Earpiece.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
But then they came back cold.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
I wouldn't return.	0
See it.  	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The management is rude.	0
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Worst customer service.	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Better than expected.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
I love this device.	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
will definitely be back!	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Why was this film made?  	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
dont go here.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
That company is a joke.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
Don't buy this product.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
Very good phone.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Don't miss it.  	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
Kind of flops around.	0
