I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
Very good phone.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The food is good.	1
Easy to use.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Magical Help.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
See it.  	1
The acting sucked.  	0
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
Service is also cute.	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Low Quality.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Great audio!.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
A standout scene.  	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
Great Product.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Total brunch fail.	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Good prices.	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Has been working great.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
The poor actors.  	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
The pizza selections are good.	1
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
It's just lame.  	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Nothing new there.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
Food was below average.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Good transmit audio.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Awful service.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
The cast is good.  	1
Very very fun chef.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Does not fit.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
I was mortified.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I was so insulted.	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
I would recommend this.	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
And it was boring.  	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
Worked great!.	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
No complaints!	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Great Value.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
A good time!	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
This place is disgusting!	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
cool phone.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I will not return.	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
Very disappointing.	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Sooooo good!!	1
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
I am very happy	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Works great.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Worked great!.	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
How stupid is that?	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
what a disappointment	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Food was below average.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
Over rated.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The food was terrible.	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
It's just lame.  	0
Better than you'd expect.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
I will not return.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Service was very prompt.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
dont buy it.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
Painful on the ear.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
They were excellent.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
dont go here.	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Good Service-check!	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
It was so BORING!  	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
This is an excellent film.  	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Magical Help.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
His performance is simply genius.  	1
How stupid is that?	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Works as described.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
It was packed!!	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
Works great!.	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
Absolutely great.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Bad Reception.	0
A great touch.	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Awful service.	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
I love this place.	1
It was packed!!	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Food was really boring.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
The food was very good.	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
This movie is so awesome!  	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The film is way too long.  	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Crust is not good.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
don't waste your money.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Love this headset!	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
Service is also cute.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
I waited and waited.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
Simply beautiful.  	1
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Does not fit.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
disappointing.	0
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The fries were great too.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
It was awesome.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
So they performed.	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
disappointing.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
And it was boring.  	0
(It works!)	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
And it was boring.  	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Totally believable.  	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
These are fabulous!	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
good item, low price.	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
I'm returning them.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
Good food , good service .	1
Was not happy.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
The phone loads super!	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
The lighting is awful.  	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Great phone.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
I think not again	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
This is a great little item.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Would recommend this item.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
The portion was huge!	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Just does not work.	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
It's just painful!  	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
This is a great phone!.	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Overall, a delight!  	1
Hated it.  	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
Product is exactly as described.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Works great.	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The problem was the script.  	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
Crust is not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Over rated.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
Damn good steak.	1
The service was terrible though.	0
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Very good quality though	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Better Than New.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Why was this film made?  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I love this phone!.	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I waited and waited.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Very poor service.	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
Don't bother coming here.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I'm pleased.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
See it.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Totally believable.  	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
I think not again	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
doesn't last long.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
It's very slow.  	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
But I don't like it.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Absolutely great.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Buttons are too small.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
You can't beat that.	1
It was way over fried.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
It's a great item.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Everything was gross.	0
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The film is way too long.  	0
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
This was like the final blow!	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
Great service and food.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
Would not go back.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
" I love it.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
They know how to make them here.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Very, very sad.	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
It was equally awful.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
And service was super friendly.	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Good prices.	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
The script iswas there a script?  	0
Great choice!	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
Mediocre food.	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
It was equally awful.	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
Very good quality though	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Horrible!  	0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
Good prices.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
will definitely be back!	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
I will not be eating there again.	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Very good quality though	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
You won't regret it!	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
A bit predictable.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
