No plot whatsoever!  	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
The only downside is the service.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
(It works!)	1
The service here is fair at best.	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
And I just love the colors!	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Works as described.	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Lousy product.	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
There still are good actors around!  	1
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
The battery works great!	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
Poor product.	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
No complaints!	1
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
That company is a joke.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Food was really boring.	0
I liked it.  	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
Worked perfectly!	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Ample portions and good prices.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
It was awesome.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Worst ever.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I love this place.	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
That was funny.  	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Excellent Phone.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Thank you for such great service.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
WORTHWHILE.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
How awesome is that.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Great food.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
It didn't charge for me.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Has been working great.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
Not a good bargain.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
How awful she is!  	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
dont go here.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
It was awesome.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
Love this product.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
That was funny.  	1
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
10/10  	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
Poor Construction.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Will order from them again!	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
A pretty good product.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
Disappointed!.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
It is worth the drive.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
Bad Quality.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
Great service and food.	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
I just wanted to leave.	0
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
Great case and price!	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Very poor service.	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
lightweight and works well.	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
(It works!)	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
How awesome is that.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
It was equally awful.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Very, very sad.	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Food quality has been horrible.	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Very, very sad.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
An absolute must visit!	1
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Love This Phone.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
this place is good.	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
This case seems well made.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Great brunch spot.	1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
It is an insane game.  	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Very Displeased.	0
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
VERY comfortable.	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Great product.	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
And I just love the colors!	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The food is good.	1
Not worth it.	0
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
Con: spotty service.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
The block was amazing.	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
This one works and was priced right.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This is a great deal.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
Very good quality though	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
Everything was gross.	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
Damn good steak.	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
VERY funny!  	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
This PDA rocks.	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
I love this place.	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
It deserves strong love.  	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
The mic is great.	1
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
And it was boring.  	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Has been working great.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
Won't ever go here again.	0
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
I LOVED it!	1
Horrible phone.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Just does not work.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Great choice!	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Will not be back!	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
worthless product.	0
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
I really liked that.  	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Good , works fine.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Worst ever.	0
Piece of trash.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Everything was gross.	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
It was way over fried.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Horrible phone.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
Gets the job done.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Awful service.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Food was delicious!	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
The mic is great.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
will definitely be back!	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
Poor product.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
This is infuriating.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
poor quality and service.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
Disappointed!.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
will definitely be back!	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
That was funny.  	1
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Not good for the money.	0
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
The management is rude.	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
New Battery works great in phone.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
The block was amazing.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Good Quality.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Go rent it.  	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
Service was fantastic.	1
Very poor service.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Worked perfectly!	1
awesome device.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
Very disappointing.	0
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
Just does not work.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
I waited and waited.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Everything is appalling.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
Very good, though!	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Works good.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
And it was boring.  	0
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
Don't buy it.	0
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
Good , works fine.	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
Highly recommended.	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Don't buy it.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Would not go back.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
I waited and waited.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
there is no real plot.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
I waited and waited.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
I love this phone!.	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
The food was terrible.	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
Too politically correct.  	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
Not easy to watch.  	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
The problem was the script.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
I love this device.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
This phone works great.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Good food , good service .	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
We'll never go again.	0
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Great phone.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Poor Construction.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
That was funny.  	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
Very good phone.	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
